__The purpose of assignment 3 was to first learn how to make a branch in github. Next, I took the work that I had in assignments 1 and 2 (purposes described below for further reference) and then added the MSE and more annotations of the analysis onto the plot itself in addition to printing it. I then wrote descriptive markdown notes of what each segment of code means. I fit the plot and perform linear regression to get line of best fit, the intercepts from the data file, the p value which can be used to test the significance of the data, standard error, and then the equation for the plot, which is based on the scatter data. The last portion that I added for assignment 3 calculates mean squared error between the predictions and the actual values. This quantifies how close the model predicts the actual data.It emphasizes large errors more than smaller ones due to squaring.The formula for MSE is MSE = (1/n)*Σ (yᵢ - ŷᵢ)² and the units are squared units of y. The smaller the MSE, the better fit the model is.__

__More descriptions of what some of the lines describing the plot mean from assignment 1__
The purpose of the assignment was to create a scatter plot with two variables from our regression_data.csv dataset that was read using pandas to read the data and matplotlib in python. "Dataset" and "model" was used in R to make the scatter plot and fit a linear model. I then fit a linear regression model and plotted the regression line. This was done in Python by using plt.plot. In R, I used ggplot2 to overlay the regression line. In Python, you use color="blue" to make the color, but in R you use colour = 'red'. For x and y labels on Python you use plt.xlabel(""), but on R you use xlab(''). I then evaluated the models performance by getting the R-squared value. model.score was used in Python to do this, but in R, it is just summary(model). The data was then saved and exported. 

__More descriptions of what some of the arguments in the script mean from assignment 2__
The purpose of part 2 of the assignment was to learn ways to apply command-line arguments to the script. Arguments are used so that you can more easily use different data or files without having to re-write the code. After setting up the argument, you can save the values into variables for the argument so that the program can use them later. Now instead of typing the whole name of the column, you can just write x_col or y_col. After this is added to the script and the details of what you want the graph to look like are typed in, you can then run it in a terminal using: python linear_regression_python.py regresssion_data.csv YearsExperience Salary or Rscript linear_regression_r.r regression_data.csv YearsExperience Salary in R.
